Maytodos:

For the methods/results
Ball computation: Do you want to include this in paper2? What would this tell us out our activation polytope? Could this be useful in describing the space, defending our methods, or defending hit and run?

Distributions: describe which features of the histograms are provably predictable based on the convex nature of the FAS
	1. is it possible for distributions to be bimodal?
	2. is it possible for distributions to be uniform?
	3. is it possible for distributions to be monotonically increasing or monotonically decreasing
	4. will distributions of larger generators look different than smaller generators?
	solutions:
		what will distributions look like at 100%? (at the boundary of the Feasible force)
		how will activation be constrained on an edge of the zonotope vs a vertex vs a face?


For the discussion:
We need to add a section about synergies. Could you write a couple sentences about how synergies could be represented in our model? A synergy is where two muscles have a correlation because they are controlled with one command from the brain- for instance, when you curl your toes, you can't control them independently, even though they are separate muscles. What would that look like on the A constraints matrix? Esentially, it'd have to be a constraint on x, such that x_i and x_j cannot be bigger than a threshold. see figure one from this paper: http://jn.physiology.org/content/jn/93/1/609.full.pdf

Talk about which of the cost functions could be put directly into the set of constraints. I think the l1 norm, and l1 weighted norm could be done, but i need your help describing whether l2 and l3 norms could be added as linear constraints.

write a couple sentences about quadratic programming (non-- linear programming), mentioning 1) why we didnt use this, 2) how we could feasibly use nonlinear programming instead for this model

lets say you make a system where you add a constraint that muscle 1 is constrained to less than 0.5. you hit and run, and get the histograms, and call the histograms 'hists1'
If we use parcoords to subset only solutions where muscle 1 is lower than 50%, will the histrograms generated by the remaining solutions look exactly like hists1?

between J, R and Fm, based on the multiplication of these matrices, which of those values (if it were changed a little bit) would most significantly change the A matrix (and thus the histrograms)?

 